Implement a proper sparsity pattern (#888)
Ferrite-FEM/Ferrite.jl: CHANGELOG.md

  ```

- **Sparsity pattern and global matrix construction**: since there is now explicit support
  for working with the sparsity pattern before instantiating a matrix the function

>   `create_sparsity_pattern` have been repurposed. To simply recover the old functionaly that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `create_sparsity_pattern` has been repurposed. To recover the old functionality that
```

  a given grid (based on its node coordinates), and returns the minimum and maximum vertices
  of the bounding box. ([#880][github-880])

> - Support for working with sparsity patterns have been added. This means that Ferrite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for working with sparsity patterns has been added. This means that Ferrite
```

  exposes the intermediate "state" between the DofHandler and the instantiated matrix as the
  new struct `SparsityPattern`. This make it possible to insert custom equations or
  couplings in the pattern before instantiating the matrix. The function
  `create_sparsity_pattern` have been repurposed to return a `SparsityPattern` instead of a

>   `SparseMatrixCSC`. The new function `allocate_matrix` is used to instantiate the matrix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `SparseMatrixCSC`. The new function `allocate_matrix` is instead used to instantiate the matrix
```

>   instead. Refer to the documentation for more details. ([#888][github-888])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  . Refer to the documentation for more details. ([#888][github-888])
```

>   **To upgrade**: if you simply want to recover the old functionality and don't need to work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **To upgrade**: if you want to recover the old functionality and don't need to work
```
